SIG Platform Charters, Docs, and Working Group Info (#20)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-community: sig-platform/README.md

# ODH Platform Special Interest Group

> SIG Platform covers odh operator, core components, ecosystem integration, authetication, and monitoring  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SIG Platform covers the ODH operator, odh-core components, ecosystem integration, authentication, and monitoring.
```

The [charter](./charter.md) defines the scope and governance of the Platform Special Interest Group.

## Meetings
[Monthly SIG meeting:] TBD
[Meeting notes and agenda] RBD

## Leadership

### Chairs
The Chairs of the SIG run operations and processes governing the SIG.
- Taneem Ibrahim
- Landon LaSmith
- Samu Veloso Lopez
- Gabe Goodheart

### Members

> The members of the SIG establish new subprojects, decommission existing subprojects, and resolve cross-subproject technical issues and decisions.

Reviewer: Should Vaishnavi be on this list?

Reviewer 2: Yes

- Chris Chase
- JooHo Lee 
- Sean Pryor 
- Ben Herta 

# Contact

> - [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/odh-io/shared_invite/zt-18ptx7far-SWO4jkDbuA7Sq8Mut3JbcA)

Reviewer 2: Can you  add the `#sig-platform` channel name to this? I think adding `...on #sig-platform` should work
